collector of the finer things in life no
further Don champagne has it all you've
come such a long way from being a used
car salesman
thank you a beautiful home you're gonna
need to work on what's wrong with a lot
a loving marriage you want sex on the
9th as scheduled
dedicated employees just touched myself
in the bathroom till I can my next call
is to Mona blowing up or be pitch signed
by a in front of kids yes there's
only one thing to do you have to kill
her hmm that should be enough
they do first we should just let her go
really
no get a hammer wasn't pregnant by the
way
she did say she was trying to get away
from some people I want to know where my
girl is can I trust the furniture man
those are drugs it's gonna get you high
we have to give him $20,000 or he's
gonna rape us
we're just wrong with you yeah I didn't
make me do crystal meth
[Music]
we can't kill anyone else
chief if Mona finds out you don't want
Mona to find out no we don't then that'd
be another dead body I'd have to look
into